Paulette was born on September 6, 2020, gushing from the great waters of Africa a few days prior. At first, she struggled, since her stepmother Sal was very cruel and abusive towards her. Even though there was plenty of food around in the huge house they live in, her stepmother frequently confiscated food when she was hungry, as a result she was always starving and only developed slowly. However, at nights, when her mother was sleeping or less attentive, she would sneak downstairs and steal some food, and as a result she would grow at nights, but by day Sal would starve her again. Finally, she began eating a lot at night and she was finally able to grow and became a TD, by which she is a little more independent of her stepmother. However, since her friends around her were nice, and she had a very nice friend, AC, she was able to continue growing. 
She then continued developing, becoming a TS, and she flaunted her wispy hair which was enhanced by her friend AC as well as her friend, whom also protected her from the dangerous King Tutt. On September 8, her brother, Rene, was born and faced similar conditions as she did. Together, with the support of their favorable friends, they were able to develop quickly, and had more food as time went on. They also maintained enough distance so that they wouldn’t be attacking each other or bullying each other due to their hair getting into the other’s face. 
However, things couldn’t be good for the siblings, as soon Rene began to fall under the influence of King Tutt, who would try to steal his food and emotionally abuse him. Rene, thinking Paulette may be out to get him tried to move closer to Paulette, but Paulette was irritated by Rene’s clingy behavior and began smacking him with her hair, which was helped by AC, and even King Tutt. 
Around this time, Sally was born, and began to develop pretty quickly, however, she doesn’t want to follow in the path of her siblings, so she decided to go a different route and tried to major in North. Paulette by this time has become very beautiful, with gorgeous hair, and very toned and strong, to the point many people would see her as a Major, which was a high distinction. Some even called her Tier 4, which was second best out of a system of 5. However, Sally’s choice of majoring in North caused her to get too close to Rene, and they began to fight each other. Rene and Sally got closer, ready to throw a few blows with their hair, and Rene threw a solid blow at Sally, crippling her inner core and throwing her against a cliff which is regarded as the Ridge. 
Around this time, Paulette was getting older, but was still strong until one day she was just minding her own business when a vehicle called the Trough rammed into her, pulverizing her warm core with cold air, and she died shortly due to a condition known as Extratropical Transition. A few days later, the same careless driver driving the trough that rammed into Paulette also rammed into Rene, who suffered the same fate. With Paulette and Rene gone, and the Ridge’s concussion, she decided to change her major and had west, and was able to get stronger. 
